oh yeah what's going on big dicks so
guys as you guys soon I am training some
summoning believe it or not this clip
right here probably the next one guy
next inventory i guess i will be
achieving 170 million summon experience
as you guys can see my experience down
here for something i got seventeen point
seven million and there i think i just
got it right yeah i see sparks around my
head there it is 170 million so many
experience which leaves me obviously 30
my experience left to go the reason I'm
training sunny now it's just because
it's under 200 molla do actually have
banked in fact obviously these charms is
like around 40 million experience I
don't even need that much experience i
think i'll have like maybe 30,000
Crimson's left over so i shut Twitter
milk but anyways I'll see you guys fine
next that this video might not be too
long but I hopefully will be achieving
Twitter was summoning in this video with
and maybe like a mid or so but anyways
I'll see you guys next up with like 180
million and then hundred and ninety &
goo on the gains on if you guys didn't
know the updated summoning a little bit
I don't understand the point in this
update oh by the way I am if King right
now on my EOS or my 07 account at night
razon it's just somewhere just to get
some quick experience for fun it's not
really efficient i don't think at all
but I'm just kind of there just I don't
get some type of experience so it's just
sit still um but yes they I've changed
something a little bit for some odd
reason you got to click on the charms
first and then you make the pouches and
they're kind of like just like an unused
or uncharged pouch and then you actually
just make them it doesn't really slow
you down anyway some people kind of
thought it was a lot slower it hasn't
changed it anyway it's just kind of a
like I guess one or two more clicks and
inventory as you can see right there it
really doesn't spend it really doesn't
waste too much more time it's kind of
odd why they would ever do this like it
literally makes no sense at all this
update like I mean it doesn't do
anything I just you like you make them
extra than you do there's really no
difference at all ah but I guess when
you're just wanna do it update
that's not you know relative to the sofa
and this is like all you have to do so
oh no thanks thanks for the great
updates is really gonna change the
experience for us a lot and make us have
a lot more fun but anyways I'll see you
guys next clip all kinds of gains and
here is a hundred and eighty million
somebody
experience 20 ml to go eat meat
you know I don't want to point anything
out guys but um it's kind of weird let's
just say pretty soon on my minimap you
guys should see an orange doc coming
from the north all the way up to this
obelisk and there it is the orange
daughter's running and that if you guys
didn't know it's actually a Jame on I
don't mean to point them out but they're
doing timely summoning which is honestly
meant for just using the story here
because it's like 10 times quicker but
not only she's not she's not running to
the bank that's close there's a bank to
the east none of the West if you guys
know it's just like right off that
little bridge over there there's a bank
right there for some weird reason she's
running to the birth rob bank training
summer you guys will see she's gonna
start running back in a few minutes I
guess maybe she's doing like work or
something but like it's just it's really
weird to see J Maas not understand
anything about their own game and there
she goes riding back to birth Rob bench
which is like really far north like they
look at the picture to see how far apart
they are like she's running all the way
from here to here when there's a bank
right there I think it's a lot closer
not to mention she's encouraged it's
just kind of weird i don't mean to put
her on the spot or they make fun of her
it's just kind of odd to see that they
really don't know how to play their own
game i mean if anything use a kayak or
you know do this and I leave that's mod
Slayer or something I don't have
anything against I just think it's
really weird watching a J mod play the
game like really weirdly and she's been
doing this for like an hour I almost
feel like should I just tell her that
like you can trade the store the
supplies because I've done what she's
done an hour and literally about four
minutes probably of summoning it's just
kind of weird but anyways off of that
topic i guess that i want to offend any
Jam mods or anything like on purpose but
it's just a little skilling tip you can
trade you know stuff to this guy you
won't lose too much more money ah but
anyways summoning wiseguys 180 2.5
million defense wise 100 98.7 so very
very close to the fence at 1.3 milan and
summoning should be done by by tomorrow
I honestly just come here i do just
around ten thousand charms and then i
leave i do some bonfire fire me and as
you guys will see I'm wearing and there
she is again it's going to stretch me
now as you can see the gloves and the
ring so that's business whatever I do
whatever i'm AFK kind of think of
summoning believe it or not it's one of
the most intense 200 mils even though it
is very very easy it's just it's not
like it's a lot of clicking if you want
the proper experience an hour um and
yeah i think so i'm going today done
around 22,000 charms or so and it's
around 5pm I kind of woke up late I've
already got into gym and stuff so I mean
I haven't played too much to every time
22,000 charms is quite a bit but it's a
lot of intense clicking it's just
non-stop click click click I was I think
i'm going to save Twitter mold offense
and some earnings just put in one video
I like to save these like quick little
video so i get my 200 most like
highlight them like for like the future
stuff i think i have to interval HP and
my crafting and I think strength like
saved on likes a few my videos I'm going
to fight with them together later on but
once i finish the game or some she'll
just put them on like a violation of big
ass amount of clips all together well
one other thing is that once I do
actually finished or normal summoning
and defense I will be a tiny bit above
3.5 billion ec about 18 build ago my
summoning should take care most of that
and then my defense I'll be just a tiny
bit about 3.5 know which ain't too bad
it means I'm like 1.7 bill until 211
which is very far it was up I see you
guys next few i'm sorry this one's kind
of short just I mean a lot of progress
and a lot of clicking and I haven't read
be able to comment eat too much because
this is not really fun to accommodate
over well as live but just I'm just
saying it's not fun to do this one
commentating cuz i have to like sit
you're in concentrate but anyways i will
see you guys next video I'll make sure
the next one on this scheme on you'll
see will definitely be Twitter mo
summoning and defense and I'm going to
have a few updates for you guys on 07 as
well as you guys know I'm just kind of
AF King right here nightmares all I'm
testing out the experience with just
using a brush light armor that does he
helm obviously it seems to be the same
experience an hour as d h if you don't
use any of the power switch I'm not
because I'm not really paying attention
to it let me just double check i have a
FK a little bit extra here but I'm going
about 28 k attack 28 gauge straight 28k
defense an hour which is just around
rosa 86-84 k yeah 84k combat experience
an hour just a melee based on obviously
HP is also 28 k now which isn't too bad
i think d h was like 90 k an hour like
100k an hour but only think about that
is obviously
have more prayer bonus with this outfit
on so I can ask you for a lot longer and
I say the mouse is hitting a lot of
money because I'll be getting more
experience overall with just one
inventory which is kind of a little bit
bonus but anyways I'm just testing out
if I get back to you guys on that the
future but anyways besides all that oath
on crab form of this part of the real
hope you guys enjoyed and I'll see you
guys next video with probably 22
intervals and all kinds of gains i'll
see you guys next time oh I'm pretty so
I might be going for my completion
escape you got a backhoe Fraggle slaying
I really no I got a few quest I think
got a to quest to do or one big question
like two very small quest or like redone
of quest like you know I also has the
update the quest did it redo it
basically it technically makes you do it
again which is really annoying i
don't know why they're doing that it's
like hey we update the quest i know you
did it four years ago bday you gotta do
it again cuz we updated thanks that's
really great it's not a big quest it's
like demon slayer i think it's called
but it's really annoying i hope you guys
enjoyed and I'll see you guys next time
with all kinds of games